Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org
You don't know who he is?
How'd you not know?
Just never got into it.
Tell him, Sarge.
I've never heard of him.
He has.
You're not taking a mick.
Watch the line, Private.
It's Danny Finnegan.
Danny Boy.
The Danny Boy.
Unbeaten.
How many was it, Danny?
Don't know.
Sorry, mate.
Just never got into it.
It's all right.
I wouldn't worry 'bout it now.
He could
fight for England.
If what?
The war hadn't started?
Mate, you should
see him on his feet.
What's that thing they say?
It's not about the
punches you give.
It's about the ones
you don't take.
Am I right?
Right and left.
It's like he's not
even touching the mat.
Come on, show him.
This one fight, right.
He's still going in the 11th.
Not even sweating.
Sit down, you idiot.
And here comes
Danny Boy Finnegan.
Light on his feet as he crosses
the ring towards the pole.
Harper, get down.
Roger.
A quick left.
That one connected
like hammer on hoof.
Nivinski stumbles.
Danny presses.
The referee steps in and.
Let me see.
Oh god.
Is there a medic?
He's dead.
Leave him.
Bill, come on, come on.
What are we supposed to do?
Just press and fire.
Welcome to the war, lads.
Come on, Billy.
Billy.
Just aim fire.
You all right?
Let's zero in.
One mine is gonna completely
blow us to pieces.
We need to get out of here now.
You two first.
Come on.
I can't.
I can't do it.
Billy, come on.
Sarge.
Smythe, give me cover
and fire and don't stop.
Billy.
You're coming with me.
You ready?
One, two, three.
Come on.
I'm not dying here.
Danny, come on.
Don't stop, don't
stop, don't stop.
Leave it, leave it,
leave it. Come on.
What are you doing?
We're not gonna use a gas
leak coming in too quick.
We're gonna get steamrolled.
We're not gonna die, Billy.
Sir.
I'll meet you fast, boys.
It means we can
return fire, sir.
They're gonna get
slow down there.
We need to pull back.
Sir, we
need to return fire.
With what, private?
Well where
are the Thompson's?
Abandoned.
What's the plan, sir?
We need to run from
here to bloody Robeth.
We have to pull back.
Fall back any further, sir,
we're gonna be in the sea.
That's the plan.
A place called Dunkirk.
What?
The Royal Navy are
coming to take us home.
Why us, sir?
To hold beer.
Spread the word.
That's an order.
Pull back, boys.
Hey, we're pulling back.
Let's go.
Billy, he can't hear me.
I'll get him.
Come on, let's go.
We're falling back.
We were leaving.
We were bloody leaving.
Go.
Where is everyone?
I don't know.
I don't recognize any of this.
Where's your map?
Back at the foxhole.
Yeah, mine too.
What was left of it anyway.
We're in deep shit, Danny Boy.
We're still breathing.
We're lost.
We gotta find that
place. What's it called?
Dunkirk.
We go.
North.
That's what we do.
Go north 'til we see light.
Sign post.
Something we
recognize, all right.
Or to sea.
Yeah, or to sea, Billy.
And home.
Recognize any of this?
Every bleeding building
here's a farmhouse, isn't it?
All looks the same.
Hang about.
We could ask her.
I don't think
we should, mate.
We need to
figure out where we are.
We're gonna miss
this evacuation.
Come on.
Slowly.
Keep your eyes peeled, yeah.
Excuse me.
No, don't run.
We're British soldiers.
Hey.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
I won't tell you again.
I will shoot.
I promise you I will shoot.
Put it down.
I won't ask you again.
Wait, wait, wait.
All right, wait.
Look.
Okay.
What are you doing?
I've lowered my rifle.
Just.
Relax.
Okay?
We just wanna know where we are.
We don't understand you.
We're looking for the coast.
Easy, easy.
It's okay.
He's scared.
English.
Thank God.
Look, we're looking for
directions to the coast.
The coast north.
North is that way, but the
Germans are already there.
Where'd you go?
We're going to a
place called Dunkirk.
But we need a.
What's French for map?
Plan.
Yeah, we need a plan.
Hey, I can draw you one.
Come in and I'll find you food.
He says you are welcome here.
Do you trust him, Danny.
Just keep your
rifle and your gun.
Go.
It is 40 kilometers.
You must find Hazebrouck and
then you go north to Dunkirk.
Okay, thanks.
Now some food before you go.
40 kilometers.
What's that in miles?
Sorry about Papa.
He's not himself.
My husband went to Lille the
day before the Germans came.
We haven't seen him since.
They say the Germans
shoot all the men.
What in Lille?
No. We were there
a couple days ago.
Weren't we, Bill?
Loads of men got out.
Yeah.
Loads.
Listen.
Best be off ourselves actually,
so thank you for this
and for the map.
My pleasure.
He's famous, you know.
You can tell everyone you
met the great Danny Finnegan
when this is over.
A film star?
No.
Boxer.
Danny, she thinks
you're a film star.
Danny?
Get down.
He's ratting on us.
He's grassed us up.
No.
Don't let her
look out the window.
Shoot him.
Don't, don't shoot.
Don't you shoot.
He's giving us up.
You lied to us.
Never, I swear.
He would never.
Is there any other
way out of here?
What, there's no other
way out than this way?
No.
This is serious now, Billy.
We need to find another way out.
Jesus.
Put it down.
Go outside.
What are you doing?
They came here for you, not him.
Listen.
If you shoot me,
he will shoot you.
They will shoot your dad.
You're not like them.
Come on.
They are gonna shoot him, Danny.
We're surrounded.
What do we do now?
We are soldiers, Billy.
We're not heroes.
- What are you doing?
- Put your rifle in your pack.
We're gonna be dead
in a minute anyway.
And you, Miss, you better hide.
Danny, I just wanna go home.
Who else is inside?
Bring in these two as bargain.
Where are they taking us?
You are now prisoners
of the Reich.
Danny Boy.
That ain't spent much
on a mat, didn't they?
You all right, mate?
Listen, it weren't your fault.
The old man.
Farmer.
They're Nazis.
You know?
I don't know, mate.
I feel pretty bad inside.
Yeah.
Yeah, me too.
Still breathing.
What should we do now?
Good morning.
My name is
Haupstrumfuhrer Drexler
and I am your jailer
until you are sent
to one of our brand
new stalags in Germany.
Any problems you
will come to me.
My English is excellent.
I was at your
university in Cambridge.
But how rude of me.
You know who I am but I
do not know who you are.
You.
What is your name?
Private Williams.
Williams.
Hush.
And you?
You do know I
already have a list?
Corporal Bennett.
And which one of
you is Finnegan?
Danny Finnegan.
The great Danny Finnegan.
This is turning out to
be a most excellent war
and we've only just begun.
Come with me.
Yeah I don't mean to insult you
but this is the best I have.
The Geneva Convention
on the treatments
of prisoners of war clearly
states they must not
be subjected to acts of
violence which is ridiculous.
We're at war.
This whole enterprise
is an act of violence.
Don't you agree?
I'm giving you a chance to
to find some honor
among all this madness.
I'll make it very
much worth your while.
Thank you very much but
I'll not be fighting him.
Not for you, sir.
Think they
went over there.
Shut up.
Come with me.
Where's he taking him?
Men like us, we're not built
for the ugliness of war.
We're dancers,
hunters, athletes.
We are sportsman.
We follow a code, you and I.
A quid for the rules.
The ref's word is final.
Fortune has temporarily put us
on opposite sides of destiny,
but I'm giving you a chance to
at least to be true to yourself.
Oh, I'll not be fighting
for your thrills, sir.
Not for my pleasure.
No, no, no, no, no.
In two days time,
we shall be honored
to receive a visit from
my superior officer.
Obersturmbannfuhrur Lang is
a great sportsman himself.
And a student.
No, a true fan as the
Americans say of this noble art
of which you have made
yourself such a master.
You are as we say a
gift from me to him.
In return, it is within my
powers to make your experience
of this war
considerably improved.
How 'bout the lads?
Nothing to do with them.
Good.
Well then you can let them go
and I'll fight whoever you want.
You know I cannot.
Then neither I can.
You'll come around
and you'll fight
or you will find this war
very uncomfortable indeed.
You've got to do this, lad.
You've got to bloody
him for all of us.
You wanna fight him, you do it.
It ain't up to you.
He's a coward is what he is.
He ain't no coward.
I fought with the bloke.
He's right.
He fights, even if he wins,
it's a victory for them.
Not for us.
Who asked Alibaba?
I'm a French soldier Abounouom.
He look French to you boys?
We don't play things
for them to enjoy
when and how they choose.
That's what I told him.
You a pacifist?
Hit the bastard.
I'll bloody you.
Come on then.
Sit down.
You got us fighting
against each other
when we should be fighting them.
This German is very clever
with the whole boxing ploy,
he distracted us
from our true duty.
Sit down.
Go on.
Escape.
Our obligation is to hit
them not in the sports arena.
No.
Where he hurts.
In war.
So we need to find
a way out of here.
We need to
assess their defenses.
How are
we gonna do that?
Get off me.
Looks like it's
wash up time, lads.
We're not all gonna fit in that.
Sir, what
are we looking at?
MG above the gate.
And another one over there.
Say about 50 yards.
Let's say 50 meters.
I'll tell you something.
He's no fool, this Drexler.
He could keep 50 of us at bay
with just that one bloody gun.
I don't see this as a
viable option, fellas.
We're not
getting out this side.
Not alive.
Think he's right.
Need to start looking
elsewhere, boys.
Delivery bloke's not armed.
Head's up, boys.
Guard coming.
Private Danny Finnegan.
Private Jaime Williams.
Come with me.
All right, what's
all this about?
What do they want?
Come on, Jaime.
Be all right.
What's going on there?
Don't know.
I've just been on the telephone
with Obersturmbannfuhrur Lang.
He's very much looking forward
to watching you in action
and while this is unseemly
for an officer of the Reich
to negotiate with
surrendered prisoners,
it is also incumbent
on the officer
to adapt to immediate needs.
Special circumstances
require unique solutions.
I am willing to make
a one time only offer
and allow let's call
them generosities
to your fellow prisoners.
What you got?
I have some influence over
where they will send you.
To which camp.
Some of them you will find far
less agreeable than others.
Not enough.
Believe me.
If you were to meet some
of old sailor colleagues,
you would not regard
this offer as a trifled.
Not good enough, sir.
Last chance.
We ain't gonna let him
fight even if he wanted to.
Wait, Jaime.
So what, Danny?
It's all right, Danny.
What doesn't he get, Danny?
Hang him up.
No, wait.
Wait.
All right stop, wait.
I'll do it.
I'll fight him.
Excellent.
How do I know you will
how do you say it,
give it your all?
I give you my word.
Very good.
Your word but what
guarantees do I have?
Look, I said I'll fight him.
Then let us not disturb my
man while he is training.
Come with me.
No, no, no.
Wait, wait.
I said I'll do it.
I said I'll do it,
all right. I'll fight.
You ain't gonna hurt him, right?
Look, I will fight on my honor.
Unfortunately you
missed your opportunity
to act purely for honor
and made this a nasty
little transaction.
I said yes.
The royal air force were busy
over Melville last night.
Nothing to stop our
advance of course,
but this morning it seems
most of the town is well,
it has less need for
stairs than yesterday.
I understand they will be
digging cavities out for days.
Then comes the complicated task
of establishing who is who.
Many of the corpses they pull
out will never be identified.
One more body among so many
will not be noticed by anyone.
Oh God.
What have they done to you?
I said I'll do it.
Yes, you gave your word
and now I'm reassured
you will keep it.
Maybe later, eh.
It's protein.
Strength for your fight.
I can't take your food, mate.
I can't take it.
These boy have lost
all their hope.
If we are going to get out of
here, we need you to help us.
I'm not sure I'm the
man to help them.
Give us back the hope.
The hope that we can win.
And we will find
a way out of here.
Each one of us will
starve for you to win.
You lot want me to
fight this German then?
Yes, lad.
Not me.
I just don't like the sausage.
Big night tomorrow.
You were right about
Jaime, you know.
It changes nothing.
You don't have to
go through with it.
You can still back out.
Time to back out was
before we joined up, mate.
What are you doing here anyway?
Why'd you sign up?
You look like you're living
outside of East England, boy.
Got charged with
burglary in '39.
Went up against this judge.
He was only friends
with Colonel Doyle.
Gave me a choice.
And here I am.
Some choice he give you, huh.
Well, you're gonna
lay one on this crap.
You're gonna get
us back on our feet
and I'm gonna find
a way out of here.
Yeah.
Why not?
All your lads are out there.
Drexler said that it'd give
it a sporting atmosphere.
He's clever, ain't he?
Brought them along
to see me go down.
Locals, too.
And full of SS.
Wouldn't be surprised
if it kicks off.
Right.
Bill, I gotta tell
you something, mate.
You see when I won my belt,
right, I beat a lot of hard men.
Do you understand?
I can imagine.
Yeah, but once I won it,
it all changed, you know.
See once you're the champ
and you got the belt around
your waist, that's it.
Betting goes up around you
and you're living
in fantasy land.
What are you saying?
I ain't had a hard fight
in seven years, mate.
That can't be true.
I'm being serious.
They've been journeyman
or they was weak opponents
or sometimes it was just rigged.
Danny, what are you telling me?
I thought you didn't wanna
fight 'cause I don't know.
Not 'cause you were scared.
Get up.
Don't ask him.
I came to wish you a good bout
and to remind you of
are understanding.
And there's one more thing.
Too tight?
No.
It's fine.
You will not win this bout.
Do you understand?
Make it a good fight.
A close fight.
But if you are still standing
in the 10th round,
you will go down.
If you are still standing.
You sure that's not too tight?
I do not need to remind you
of the sincerity
of my conviction.
I'm quite sure you don't want it
to be me strapping up
your hands next time.
Careful, sir.
Your sportsmanship
and your honor seems
to be slipping a bit.
Please.
You're not stupid.
It's never a matter of honor.
Only a Finnegan losing.
We're at war.
Victorious warriors win
first then go to war,
while defeated warriors go
to war first then try to win.
That big fellow out there,
does he know I'm going down?
Does he?
Rottenfuhrer Bartho
Kraus has his own orders.
He will be trying to kill you.
Good luck.
Listen.
Tell you later.
From the Waffen SS
Panzer Division,
Rottenfuhrer Bartho Kraus.
Danny Finnegan.
British expedition
core representative.
Heil Hitler.
Danny, forget about
what happened before.
It's all gone now.
Just get out there
and win it for us.
I don't know what
I'm supposed to say.
I don't even know the
rules to be honest.
I don't think there
are any to know, mate.
Here.
Keep your feet lively and
hit him hard I suppose.
Distance, Danny.
Danny.
Come on, Danny.
Yes, boy, come on, Danny.
Come on.
Yes boy, Danny.
Yes boy.
One.
You got him.
He's out.
No, not this round.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
Okay.
He's good.
You're better.
Danny, you're
gonna win this one.
Come on.
Danny, you look amazing.
He can't handle you,
you beautiful boy.
Yeah, what?
Where's the wrestling gum?
Where does it go?
Put it on the cut.
I see.
Just on the cuts I said.
What's it for anyway?
The shots, they slip off.
Does it work?
We'll find out, won't we?
Come on.
Here we go.
You've got him.
You've got him now.
What round is it?
10.
This is it.
Clobber him.
Finish him off.
Lay one on the bastard.
Come on, Danny.
Three to get up. You
can do it, get up.
One.
Stand up.
Get up.
Come on, get up.
Come on.
Stand up.
Get up.
Danny, up.
Danny, get up.
Come on.
Get up, come on.
Six.
Seven.
Come on,
Danny, breathe.
Get up.
You can do it.
Come on.
Nine.
Danny?
And they're all
smiling and cheering
'cause they think
they've got him licked,
but our lad won't stay down.
No, our glorious warrior
clambers to his feet
and drawing on deep wells of
strength no one knew he had.
Not even himself.
He lunges across the ring.
And as the big Bavarian
beast comes right at him.
Ph.
But our crowd killer
counters with a left.
And a right and another
left and another.
And then the boy
from Bethnal Green
goes in for the coup de grace.
It's all right, Bill.
What does
he bloody want?
You have a fast right.
A strong left.
You have fought well.
Congratulations.
This is all very well beating
a private from the ranks.
A beast.
Had a good technique
and full of spirit,
but lacking shall we
say true Aryan physique.
You will never win
against a real champion.
My champion.
Maximus Sennenhund
was a world champion.
Heavyweight.
He's dead.
I agree to one
fight with your man.
Not gonna be your play thing.
Play thing?
Games.
You think these are games?
Everything we do
is for a purpose.
National socialism
does not consist
of grand gestures
and extravagant acts.
It is an attitude.
A way of life.
Millions of tiny acts a day.
Each one in themselves is
nothing like a raindrop,
but together they create
the fury of a storm.
I have made the
necessary arrangements
and delayed your
departure to Germany.
You'll have one week to heal
and you'll all be taken to a
prison camp south of Bailleul.
But.
The night before you leave.
You will fight my man
and you will lose.
What happened to your man?
Man I just fought.
Mr. Kraus has been transferred.
I told you to go down.
We have kept your friends
in here as insurance.
If you deviate again,
everyone in that barn
will find themselves
at the bottom
of a bomb flattened
French schoolhouse.
A week but where?
Didn't say specifically.
Germany.
That's all the
specifically we need.
And while you've
all been having fun
setting up your little fan club,
you've forgotten what we
are and where we're heading.
We're not
heading anywhere.
We're going home, aren't we?
So what you gonna box your
way out of Germany now?
No actually.
I'm not gonna box my
way out of Germany.
So what?
Well we're gonna escape
before we're even taken
to Germany, aren't we?
That bloke punched
your head too hard.
He's right.
We need to escape this week.
And how we gonna do that?
I don't know.
Well we better
think of something.
Otherwise you're gonna
have to fight that monster
and then we're all
headed for Germany.
Not all.
Not Danny.
I can't see you surviving
even three rounds
with that mountain of meat.
There you go, lad.
Always a bright side, eh.
What you said about the
fight before the war,
I'm sorry I called you scared.
I was wrong.
Ah, you weren't.
I was scared.
I don't care what you
did or you didn't do.
Poor blokes like
us are always gonna
have our fight through
a battle ridge.
I mean, look around you.
Billy.
Billy, look who it is.
The delivery bloke.
No, that's no bloke, mate.
Look.
It's that girl.
The girl from the farm.
It's our answer, isn't it?
Come with me, Billy.
What are we doing?
Sorry Archie,
I'll explain later.
Come here, Finnegan.
Stop it, wait.
Get off it.
Back off me.
We're
on the same side.
Hey.
Go away.
I need to talk to you.
No, you'll get us
both killed. Go away.
Wait, I just.
I'm calling the guard.
Come on then.
You yellow rat.
All right when he
comes, just drive, yeah.
Don't
you get in my cart.
Whoa.
What are you doing here?
I just want to
talk to you, okay.
No, you ruined everything.
It wasn't our fault.
We were surrounded.
What are
you talking about?
What your dad at the farm.
No, not at the farm.
At the box.
The box?
At the fighting.
The commander, I had him
and you ruined everything.
Who's the commander?
It was perfect.
Every eye on the place
was watching you.
Except me.
And I was about to.
And then you leap up.
He moves.
You took away my one chance.
You ruined everything.
Now go away.
How was I supposed to
know that was your plan?
I could see out of
one eye on the night.
It
doesn't matter now.
Okay, what if you could have
another go at the commander?
I'm listening.
Look, do you have friends?
Friends you trust?
To do what?
I'm still working it out,
but just can you find them?
I think so but to do what?
Just find them, all right.
Yeah, but what is your plan?
Halt, halt.
Got it.
What was all that about?
What did she say?
Didn't really get that
far if I'm honest.
So what did you talk about?
It was weird, Sarge.
She said at the fight
she was gonna kill Lang.
What?
Who her?
How?
She said she smuggled
in a knife in her coat.
And you saw the place.
It was packed.
And she's slipping
through the crowd.
She's going for row after row.
Not a guard's noticed her.
She's about a foot
away from Lang.
A foot away from
slitting his throat.
All because they're all
fixated on the fight.
Danny.
We need to contact Chantalle.
We need to send a
message to Chantalle.
Get that bit of paper
and your pencil, Maurice.
We gotta write her a note
'cause I ain't gonna
get close enough
to tell her in person again.
Tell her she calls everyone
she can trust, all right.
Soldier?
No, locals.
There ain't any soldiers left.
Now we ask each person to
bring a couple of coats.
Coats.
And bring them to the fight.
Now we get each one of them
to slip a coat on one of yous.
And then while everyone's
watching the fight, you slip out.
Slip out?
Are you crazy?
We're gonna get
caught in minutes.
No because I'm gonna
give them a fight
that they can't
take their eyes off.
What about you?
I'm going down in the fifth.
One of you will have
to sneak me out.
Or carry me to
where I get changed.
The room's guarded at the front,
but the lock out
the back is busted.
One pull on that and the
next thing we'll be seeing
is the white cliffs of Dover.
You're joking, right?
No, I'm not joking, Maurice.
In fact, if any of
yous got a better idea,
best speak up now 'cause
if this don't come off
in about three days we're
gonna be trapped in Germany.
We'll be surrounded by Nazis.
The star hub.
Secret police.
We're still in France, boys.
Yeah?
Still a war going on.
He's right.
We need to get out before
they take us to Germany
while there's still
chaos out there.
Then what then?
Dunkirk.
Yeah.
Then home.
You got all that?
Good.
Now we just gotta
make sure she gets it
'cause all our hopes
of getting out of here
are on that one
little bit of paper.
We can't risk them catching me
anywhere near her again
or she's dead, too.
We're gonna need
another diversion.
We gotta make sure
every screw's eyes
ain't anywhere near me.
The Krauts will
already be on edge
after this little fiasco.
They won't fall for
fisticuffs twice.
He's right.
Yeah, he is, isn't he?
Let's think of something else.
Something bigger.
Much bigger.
I've got an idea.
Do it.
Do it before I change my mind.
What?
Ah.
Medic.
You bastard.
Doctor.
We need a doctor.
I need a medic.
Look at my hand.
Doctor, doctor.
Well lads.
We've done our bit.
Let's hope the girl does hers.
Never was much one
with an ax, Billy.
She better find that note.
Or I'll never play the piano
never again for nothing.
Oh God, mate.
You played the piano?
Could've learned.
Not anymore.
She'll find it.
How'd you know?
She will.
Well if she doesn't,
we're all dead.
So stupid.
Idiot.
You're all missing the one
main flaw with this plan.
This is only gonna work
if you survive long enough
for us to get out.
You don't even
know if you can go
at least five rounds
with that beast.
He's a monster, he is.
It's whether or not
you can stay alive.
I came to say goodbye in
case you don't make it.
Okay.
I believe if things
had been different,
we would've been
friends you and I.
You're not here to tell me
to take another
dive, are you, sir?
On the contrary.
Tonight.
I want you to give it your all.
That's your only way out
of this with your honor.
He's gonna knock your
boy's head clean off.
I look forward to him trying.
The third SS Panzer
Division will be talking
about this evening
for a very long time.
Yeah, you can bet on it.
One way or another.
Finnegan.
Good luck.
Yes, yes, yes.
You're
too quick for him.
I doubt I have
five rounds of it.
Get them ready.
Here we go again.
How we getting on?
Three have got out.
Harry, Rich, and Zaid.
It's actually working.
They'll be halfway
to the coast by now.
We get Archie and
Maurice out next.
All right, come on.
And then it's us.
I'm gonna go check on the door.
They found the door.
They sealed it up.
Come on.
Out back.
There's no way out.
All right.
What's up?
You gotta get out of here now.
I ain't leaving you.
You go, mate.
Go on.
We're sticking together, mate.
We'll find another
way out of Germany.
Hey.
You gotta let me win
one on my own, mate.
You ain't gonna win.
We already have, Billy.
Billy.
Cover and fire.
No, no, no.
Come on.
Subtitles by explosiveskull
www.OpenSubtitles.org